Add Threat Intelligence Section (#7905)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _security-analytics/threat-intelligence/api/threat-intel-api.md

---
layout: default
title: Threat intelligence APIs
nav_order: 50
parent: Threat intelligence
has_children: true
has_toc: true
---

# Threat intelligence APIs

> Use the following APIs to interact with threat intelligence in Security Analytics. 

Reviewer: There's no list after this intro sentence. How about:
```suggestion
OpenSearch provides several APIs that allow you to set up and interact with your threat intelligence feeds. 
```
?
